Revert Utopia DL to using VDLv1 context. (#55)
credential-handler/vc-examples: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

> - Inlined fonts and compressed SVGs for EAD, DL, and NatCert.
> - Corrected context URL for Driver's License.

Reviewer: Rest of the changelog uses present tense:

```suggestion
- Inline fonts and compressed SVGs for EAD, DL, and NatCert.
- Correct context URL for Driver's License.
```
